all right party people you're back in
the booth with the technical swag DJ and
today we have the Nabi 2 tablet bifocal
this is the CAV 60 that I talked about
in other reviews this is the dummy
laptop basically a cell phone has never
been plugged into it the only thing
that's ever been plugged into this
device is this navi - alright so first
I'm going to show you what kind of a
system we have going on here this is
Android version 4.1.1 and product
version is 2.3 this is the update with
the Google Play Store on it ok I don't
need to add an account already yet you
know got your google apps including
YouTube and Gmail but today we're going
to try to go through this step-by-step
tutorial on how to activate route or how
to enable route on this tablet alright
the first thing you're told is the
download PDF net I guess this is Desktop
for Windows or Mac actually but I'm
going to download it for Windows since
I'm running a Windows PC of course
subsequently ok this is the 4.15
installer for Windows 8 7th is 2 XP both
32 and 64-bit the next thing you're told
is to make sure you have USB debugging
enabled so I'm going to cut that on and
grab my USB debugging cable ok so now
I'm plugged in now PDA net is used to
install your drivers alright so they say
so let's go
installing USB Driver now it's setting
up the network driver check updating PDA
net on your phone check alright it says
it's done I'm going to click finish I'm
going to close out this window or at
least minimize
now all right you see the nabi thing pop
up right there all right let's go on a
control panel and see if these drivers
are installed actually system security
device manager under system and right
now I see no exclamation point telling
me that this is not installed android
adb interface is right here that's
pretty much all I see portable devices
Nabi 2 is in there
okay that's official that's cool all
right so I'm gonna leave that open ah we
make air alright next thing is download
this jmz root package you want to go to
your C Drive my computer C Drive and
create a folder SDK all capital letters
decide the folder you want to create
another folder let's say J MZ j MZ
folder is right there so what I did was
I emptied the contents of the j MZ root
package and I copied it into the j MZ
folder of the SDK folder of the C Drive
okay so that's in there okay so now what
I'm going to do is I'm gonna follow the
directions to a tee and I'm going to
open up a command prompt window go down
a Start menu type in CMD command prompt
okay I'm going to change directory to C
: C colon backslash SDK backslash j MZ
let's see if that works okay so I've
changed the directory okay when I do
install that's file or dat installed dat
all options will not wipe data all data
is retained okay
look a lot of people were saying that
option 1 doesn't work so I'm going to go
with option 2 and anyways I don't need
gaps because I already have gaps due to
the new update so I'm going to try
option 2 to bling starting a DB server
make sure the device is ready connected
rebooting the device sending the
recovery finished it says now hit volume
plus then hit volume - until recovery
curl is selected push volume + to select
and then it says press Enter when
recovery has booted okay let's see how
that goes guys geez I hope it gets
booted well do I press it now or do a
press it when it's fully booted ah I
don't know what to do I don't know what
to do
alright rebooting recovered it backup
current ROM and install root no data
will be lost please wait until backup
and install have completed once it has
completed hit enter all right okay
so when does it let you know it's
completed and wouldn't it be kind of a
big file to back up what I decided to do
was try and updated twerp team win
recovery project this is version two
point six point three point zero in
parentheses it says nabi disney 1.0 okay
i've done the same exact thing but
except I took this recovery that I've
found on the Nabi 2 wiki through XDA
extracted it and dropped it in the jmz
root stuff the root the root project
files whatever you want to call it so
what we have going on right now is says
it's backing up it looks like it's
starting to do something different than
it's ever have before and will come
right back alright let's see what's
happening here I'm scared please no boot
loops I already have my cereal this
morning I don't need any boot loops
okay we got the Android is upgrading
finishing boot my god
thank you so much we're not stuck in any
boot loops for not eating boot loops
today six seven eight nine yeah man
cause if I don't have this in here my
kid would probably be downloading
documents from the Pentagon all right I
can't tell if I'm rooted or not now
let's see so what just happened was I
clicked on su it said su binaries need
to be updated can I guess it needed to
try to reboot into torpor clockworkmod
recovery to update the su binaries and
so now it's rebooting back up after I
clicked on tor clockworkmod we're back
in action so far let's go back in make
sure I still have my root access done
I'm done so me it alright back in action
so open up the app drawer let's check it
out su is right there and that's what
I'm talking about just a little bit of
figuring out a little bit of reading I
wouldn't be able to do this without XDA
and I can't forget to work man every one
of y'all Rock I just have one piece of
advice to all those tablet designers
working for Android and Google the
troilus will be defeated
ah